写一个5分钟左右时长的关于chatgpt的演讲稿，内容包括“介绍chatgpt是什么”“chatgpt的起源历史(由来)”“原理技术架构”“以及chatgpt可以做什么”。

0.开场白
Good morning, ladies and gentelmen!

Today, I'm very honored to stand here  introducing you a marvel of modern technology, a creation that has revolutionized \changed\ the way we interact with machines. what is that ? Yes! It's chatGPT! 【第一页PPT，chatgbt大标题落下】

（我想不少人可能对它已经有所了解，甚至正在使用它，因为它是一个非常受欢迎的工具。但是可能大多数人并不清楚它的起源，原理以及它对我们学习生活有什么影响。因此，借这次机会，我们一块儿探讨一番。）
I suppose that quite a few people may already be familiar with it, or even use it, cause it's a very popular tool. But probably most people do not know (like) its origins, principles and its impact on our learning and life. So, let’s take this opportunity to discuss it together.【第一页，ppt目录一条一条落下】

1.是什么
（但ChatGPT究竟是什么？本质上，它是OpenAI开发的一种人工智能语言模型，旨在根据输入理解和生成类似人类的文本。GPT的全名是Chat Generative Pre-trained Transformer。从名字上可以看出，这是一款人工智能聊天工具。{把它想象成一个数字健谈者，能够参与从文学和科学到时事和个人轶事的广泛话题的讨论。}）
But what exactly is ChatGPT? In essence, it is an AI language model developed by OpenAI, designed to understand and generate human-like text based on the input it receives. The full name of GPT is Chat Generative Pre-trained Transformer.As you can tell from the name, it is an artificial intelligence chat tool. {Think of it as a digital conversationalist, able to engage in discussions on a wide range of topics, from literature and science to current events and personal anecdotes.}【第二页PPT，what is chatgpt?标题，放上chatgpt和openAI图标，健谈的人图片，文学、科学、新闻和轶事标识】

2.起源
（ChatGPT的起源可以追溯到2017年，当时OpenAI发布了第一个GPT模型，这是一个通用语言模型，可以根据给定的文本内容预测下一个单词。
GPT-2于2019年发布，比上一代型号更大、更准确、更复杂。
一年后，GPT-3诞生了！
去年3月，GPT-4出现了。更多的参数意味着它可以处理更复杂和抽象的语言任务。）
The origins of ChatGPT can be traced back to 2017, when OpenAI released the first GPT model, a general language model that can predict the next word based on given text content. 
Released in 2019, GPT-2 is larger, more accurate, and more complex than the previous generation model.
One year later,GPT-3 was born!
In March last year, GPT-4 appeared. More parameters mean that it can handle more complex and abstract language tasks.
{（从最初的原型到演变成复杂的人工智能模型，ChatGPT不断突破对话式人工智能领域的可能性。随着每一次迭代，它变得更聪明、更通用，更善于理解人类语言的细微差别。）
From initial prototypes to evolving into complex artificial intelligence models, ChatGPT continues to push the boundaries of what is possible in the field of conversational artificial intelligence. With each iteration, it gets smarter, more versatile, and better at understanding the nuances of human language.}

3.工作原理
（ChatGPT基于深度学习和神经网络工作。其技术架构包括处理大量文本数据的互连节点层，使其能够学习和模仿人类语言模式的复杂性。通过一个称为无监督学习的过程，ChatGPT通过分析大型文本语料库来完善其对语言的理解，不断提高其产生连贯和上下文相关反应的能力，使其像人类一样思考和学习。）
ChatGPT works based on deep learning and neural networks. Its technology architecture includes layers of interconnected nodes that process large amounts of text data, enabling it to learn and mimic the complexity of human language patterns. Through a process called unsupervised learning, ChatGPT refines its understanding of language by analyzing large corpora of text, continually improving its ability to produce coherent and contextually relevant responses which  makes it think and learn just like a human.

4.可以做什么
（但你可能会想，ChatGPT能做什么？可能性几乎是无穷无尽的。无论你是在寻求信息、进行随意的对话还是探索创造性的想法，ChatGPT都准备好并能够提供帮助。信不信由你，这篇演讲的部分内容是由ChatGPT生成的。）
But what can ChatGPT do, you may wonder? The possibilities are virtually endless. Whether you're seeking information, engaging in casual conversation, or exploring creative ideas, ChatGPT is ready and able to assist. Believe it or not, part of the content of this speech was generated by ChatGPT. (Is it amazing?)

5.话题转移
（好的，听了我的介绍，希望大家对chatgpt有一个大致的了解。现在让我们关注聊天对我们的生活和学习的影响，以及一些值得关注的问题。）
Okay, after listening to my introduction, Hopefully everyone has a general understanding of chatgpt. Now let us pay attention to the impact of chatgpt on our lives and studies, as well as some concerns.

here's XunLiang to tell you more...